#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   langchain
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
albumentations==1.3.1
    # via nougat-ocr
altair==5.2.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain
    #   openai
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.7.0
    # via streamlit
build==0.9.0
    # via pdfservices-sdk
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via streamlit
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pdfservices-sdk
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pdfservices-sdk
chardet==5.2.0
    # via pdfminer-six
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   streamlit
cryptography==3.4.6
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pdfservices-sdk
dataclasses-json==0.6.3
    # via langchain
datasets[vision]==2.16.1
    # via nougat-ocr
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.10.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.40
    # via streamlit
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via httpx
httpx==0.26.0
    # via openai
huggingface-hub==0.20.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.33.1
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via streamlit
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.0.347
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.0.11
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.0.79
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
levenshtein==0.23.0
    # via python-levenshtein
lightning==2.1.3
    # via nougat-ocr
lightning-utilities==0.10.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.20.2
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multipart==0.2.4
    # via pdfservices-sdk
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via datasets
munch==4.0.0
    # via sconf
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via nougat-ocr
nougat-ocr==0.1.17
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   imageio
    #   langchain
    #   lightning
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   qudida
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   streamlit
    #   tifffile
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
openai==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python-headless==4.9.0.80
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   nougat-ocr
    #   qudida
orjson==3.9.10
    # via nougat-ocr
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   build
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   marshmallow
    #   pdfservices-sdk
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-image
    #   streamlit
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   streamlit
pdfminer-six==20220319
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pdfservices-sdk==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pep517==0.13.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pdfservices-sdk
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   imageio
    #   pdfplumber
    #   scikit-image
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
polling==0.3.2
    # via pdfservices-sdk
polling2==0.5.0
    # via pdfservices-sdk
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via streamlit
pyarrow==14.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   streamlit
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   cffi
    #   pdfservices-sdk
pydantic==2.5.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.14.6
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.8.1b0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   pdfservices-sdk
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via pdfservices-sdk
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   packaging
    #   pdfservices-sdk
pypdf==3.17.4
    # via nougat-ocr
pypdfium2==4.25.0
    # via
    #   nougat-ocr
    #   pdfplumber
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-levenshtein==0.23.0
    # via nougat-ocr
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pytorch-lightning==2.1.3
    # via lightning
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   lightning
    #   pdfservices-sdk
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
qudida==0.0.4
    # via albumentations
rapidfuzz==3.6.1
    # via levenshtein
referencing==0.32.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   pdfservices-sdk
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==0.10.1
    # via pdfservices-sdk
rich==13.7.0
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.16.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.5
    # via sconf
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
safetensors==0.4.1
    # via transformers
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via albumentations
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via qudida
scipy==1.11.4
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
sconf==0.2.5
    # via nougat-ocr
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via nougat-ocr
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   pdfservices-sdk
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.25
    # via langchain
streamlit==1.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.12.9
    # via scikit-image
timm==0.5.4
    # via nougat-ocr
tokenizers==0.15.0
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pdfservices-sdk
    #   streamlit
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
torch==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   timm
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics==1.2.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.16.2
    # via timm
tornado==6.4
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
transformers==4.36.2
    # via nougat-ocr
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   qudida
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2023.4
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.2
    # via streamlit
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   pdfservices-sdk
    #   requests
validators==0.22.0
    # via streamlit
wand==0.6.13
    # via pdfplumber
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via datasets
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
